Docs: updating metadata. (#18819)
ckeditor/ckeditor5: docs/getting-started/integrations/salesforce.md

---
menu-title: Salesforce

> meta-title: Using the CKEditor 5 rich-text editor with Salesforcefrom ZIP archive | CKEditor 5 Documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta-title: Using the CKEditor 5 rich-text editor with Salesforce from ZIP archive | CKEditor 5 Documentation
```
